README.md, before:

# React Live Chat from Customerly

Add the most powerful [Live Chat](https://www.customerly.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=README&utm_campaign=ReactSDK) to your React app.

## ⚙️ Install

### Using npm

Run `npm install --save react-live-chat-customerly`

### Using yarn

Run `yarn add react-live-chat-customerly`

## 🚀 How to use

To integrate Customerly Livechat to your React app, you need to have an account with Customerly. [Sign up here](https://www.customerly.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=README&utm_campaign=ReactSDK).

```javascript
import {CustomerlyProvider} from "react-live-chat-customerly";

ReactDOM.render(
    <CustomerlyProvider appId={"YOUR_APP_ID"}>
        <App/>
    </CustomerlyProvider>,
    document.getElementById("root")
);
```

And then, you can use the `useCustomerly` hook to load the messenger, and interact with it.

```javascript
const App: FunctionComponent = () => {
    const { load } = useCustomerly();

    useEffect(() => {
        load({ ... })
    }, []);
    
    return (
        <Things />
    )
}
```

### useCustomerly

This hook exposes all the available methods mentioned in the documentation, [check it out](https://docs.customerly.io/live-chat/install-live-chat?utm_source=github&utm_medium=README&utm_campaign=ReactSDK).

 - `load` - The entry point of Customerly, it loads the messenger in the webpage
 - `update` - Same as load, but to refresh the messenger (e.g. after a sign in you might want to authenticate the user)
 - `open` - Open programmatically the messenger
 - `close` - Close programmatically the messenger
 - `show` - Show programmatically the messenger
 - `hide` - Hide programmatically the messenger
 - `event` - Track an event for the user in the current session
 - `attribute` - Track a property for the user in the current session
 - `sendNewMessage` - Send a new message
 - `showNewMessage` - Open and prefill the messenger with the specified message
 - `registerCallback` - Register a callback ([see available callbacks](https://docs.customerly.io/live-chat/how-to-add-live-chat-callbacks?utm_source=github&utm_medium=README&utm_campaign=ReactSDK)) fired by the messenger during the lifecycle

## 🙋 Contributing
If you have improvements that you'd like to see, or encounter any bugs, feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/Customerly/gatsby-plugin-customerly-chat/issues). Alternatively, please open a PR, and make sure that the new code is properly tested and all the steps.

We follow the [Conventional Commits specification](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).

Commit message:

feat: prettify code and add beta version

README.md, after:

# React Live Chat from Customerly

Add the most powerful [Live Chat](https://www.customerly.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=README&utm_campaign=ReactSDK) to your React app.

## ⚙️ Install

### Using npm

Run `npm install --save react-live-chat-customerly`

### Using yarn

Run `yarn add react-live-chat-customerly`

## 🚀 How to use

To integrate Customerly Livechat to your React app, you need to have an account with Customerly. [Sign up here](https://www.customerly.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=README&utm_campaign=ReactSDK).

```javascript
import {CustomerlyProvider} from "react-live-chat-customerly";

ReactDOM.render(
    <CustomerlyProvider appId={"YOUR_APP_ID"}>
        <App/>
    </CustomerlyProvider>,
    document.getElementById("root")
);
```

And then, you can use the `useCustomerly` hook to load the messenger, and interact with it.

```javascript
const App: FunctionComponent = () => {
    const { load } = useCustomerly();

    useEffect(() => {
        load({ ... })
    }, []);
    
    return (
        <Things />
    )
}
```

### CustomerlyProvider
This is the provider you use to integrate Customerly Live Chat to your React app. It accepts the following props:

 - `appId` - Your Customerly App ID, you can find it in the settings of your Customerly account
 - `beta` - (optional) Enable the beta version of the messenger 
> ⚠️ Note: Activating the beta flag allows you to try our newest features before their official release. Please be aware that these features are in beta and may be less stable. Your feedback is valuable in helping us improve.

### useCustomerly

This hook exposes all the available methods mentioned in the documentation, [check it out](https://docs.customerly.io/live-chat/install-live-chat?utm_source=github&utm_medium=README&utm_campaign=ReactSDK).

 - `load` - The entry point of Customerly, it loads the messenger in the webpage
 - `update` - Same as load, but to refresh the messenger (e.g. after a sign in you might want to authenticate the user)
 - `open` - Open programmatically the messenger
 - `close` - Close programmatically the messenger
 - `show` - Show programmatically the messenger
 - `hide` - Hide programmatically the messenger
 - `event` - Track an event for the user in the current session
 - `attribute` - Track a property for the user in the current session
 - `sendNewMessage` - Send a new message
 - `showNewMessage` - Open and prefill the messenger with the specified message
 - `registerCallback` - Register a callback ([see available callbacks](https://docs.customerly.io/live-chat/how-to-add-live-chat-callbacks?utm_source=github&utm_medium=README&utm_campaign=ReactSDK)) fired by the messenger during the lifecycle

## 🙋 Contributing
If you have improvements that you'd like to see, or encounter any bugs, feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/Customerly/gatsby-plugin-customerly-chat/issues). Alternatively, please open a PR, and make sure that the new code is properly tested and all the steps.

We follow the [Conventional Commits specification](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).
